SRVKS-573: Add target utilization docs (#38800)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/serverless-target-utilization.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * /serverless/autoscaling/serverless-autoscaling-concurrency.adoc

[id="serverless-target-utilization_{context}"]
= Concurrency target utilization

This value specifies the percentage of the concurrency limit that is actually targeted by the autoscaler. This is also known as specifying the _hotness_ at which a replica runs, which enables the autoscaler to scale up before the defined hard limit is reached.

> For example, if the `containerConcurrency` annotation value is set to 10, and the `targetUtilizationPercentage` value is set to 70 percent, the autoscaler creates a new replica when the average number of concurrent requests across all existing replicas reaches 7. Requests numbered 7 to 10 are still sent to the existing replicas, but this allows for additional replicas to be started in anticipation of being needed when the `containerConcurrency` annotation limit is reached.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if the `containerConcurrency` annotation value is set to 10, and the `targetUtilizationPercentage` value is set to 70 percent, the autoscaler creates a new replica when the average number of concurrent requests across all existing replicas reaches 7. Requests numbered 7 to 10 are still sent to the existing replicas, but this lets additional replicas start in anticipation of being required when the `containerConcurrency` annotation limit is reached.
```
Suggesting this in terms of L10N.

> For example, if the `containerConcurrency` annotation value is set to 10, and the `targetUtilizationPercentage` value is set to 70 percent, the autoscaler creates a new replica when the average number of concurrent requests across all existing replicas reaches 7. Requests numbered 7 to 10 are still be sent to the existing replicas, but this allows for additional replicas to be started in anticipation of being needed when the `containerConcurrency` annotation limit is reached.

Reviewer 2: "are still be sent to" ...should this be "are still to be sent to" ? Sorry if my English is limited here.

Author: Fixed it, good catch, thanks!
